# The Wiki Game

# ATTENTION: If the constructor doesn't work properly, copy and paste the files into new files and use them in the constructor. Although everything should theoretically be the same, this is done to resolve weird encoding errors that lead to results such as Abraham Lincoln being != Abraham Lincoln.

Wikipedia is a multilingual free online encyclopedia written and maintained by a community of volunteers through open collaboration and a wiki-based editing system. A fantastic way to entertain yourself when you’re bored is to play a game called the Wiki Game (more information can be found at https://www.thewikigame.com/group). The objective of the game is to traverse from one randomly generated Wikipedia page to another in either the shortest amount of time or the shortest number of clicks. However, due to the imperfection of the human mind, it is very unlikely that the user will be able to find the shortest path from one page to another. In our project, we will use graph algorithms and a subset of the articles on English Wikipedia to find the series of pages that takes the least amount of clicks. We will also visualize this path.  

The source code can be found in the src folder and consists of three files: main.cpp, TheWikiGame.cpp, and TheWikiGame.h. The tests can be found in the tests folder. The data consists of two files in the root directory (TheWikiGame), ArticleT.txt and ArticleLinks.txt (with different files for everyone due to pathing differences). The written report can be found under results.md and the video is also linked in the Github at _. 

The first step to this program is to acquire the data. If new data other than the ones provided are desired, simply go to https://petscan.wmflabs.org/ to generate the list of articles that is desired as the subset. Copy and paste the desired category in to the provided box and set the desired depth (depth of 0 means no subcategories, 1 would include all articles in the subcategories that are not subcategories themselves). Then go to the output tab and click Plain text as the desired format. When "Do it!" is clicked, the output will be a text file that has each article title on a new line. With this file acquired, we can utilize script.py to generate another text file with the article titles and linked articles for each article on a new line for each title in the input file. Simply replace input and output with the relevant file names. 

Once both textfiles have been generated, feed the title file and the links file into the constructor. The constructor will populate the relevant data structures. Then methods can be called on the relevant object. The first method is BFS, which takes in the links of the starting and destination articles as strings. (Add other methods). To compile the executable, simply type make into the terminal. After the executable is compiled, run it by typing ./bin/exec. To compile the test suite, simply type make test into the terminal. To run the test suite, type ./bin/test. These tests include: _. 
